RubyAnalyzer::Analyzer.new( /home/ykominami/repo/RubyAnalyzer/test/rb2.rb , /home/ykominami/repo/RubyAnalyzer/test/r-a.rb,  /home/ykominami/repo/RubyAnalyzer/test/ra_target_classname.txt, /home/ykominami/repo/RubyAnalyzer/test/ra_exclude_classname.txt )
target_class_list.include x=Typedef
target_class_list.include x=Port
target_class_list.include x=ParamDecl
target_class_list.include x=CBoolType
target_class_list.include x=DescriptorType
target_class_list.include x=NamedList
target_class_list.include x=PtrType
target_class_list.include x=Factory
target_class_list.include x=Join
target_class_list.include x=ReverseJoin
target_class_list.include x=Import
target_class_list.include x=Region
target_class_list.include x=FuncHead
target_class_list.include x=FuncType
target_class_list.include x=NamespacePath
target_class_list.include x=Generate
target_class_list.include x=CFloatType
target_class_list.include x=HRP2CyclicHandlerPlugin
target_class_list.include x=ArrayType
target_class_list.include x=CArrayType
target_class_list.include x=CFuncType
target_class_list.include x=Import_C
target_class_list.include x=CVoidType
target_class_list.include x=CStructType
target_class_list.include x=BDNode
target_class_list.include x=CPtrType
target_class_list.include x=CIntType
target_class_list.include x=NSBDNode
target_class_list.include x=HRP2KernelObjectPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRPObjectPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRPKernelObjectPlugin
target_class_list.include x=AppFile
target_class_list.include x=CEnumType
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgePlugin
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgeSignaturePlugin
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgeSignaturePluginModule
target_class_list.include x=HRPPlugin
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgeCellPlugin
target_class_list.include x=CType
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgeCompositePlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRPSVCBodyCellPlugin
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgeCelltypePlugin
target_class_list.include x=Expression
target_class_list.include x=HRPSVCManage
target_class_list.include x=CompositeCelltypeJoin
target_class_list.include x=OpaqueMarshalerPlugin
target_class_list.include x=GenOpaqueMarshaler
target_class_list.include x=GenParamCopy
target_class_list.include x=TECSGEN
target_class_list.include x=CDLString
target_class_list.include x=CDLInitializer
target_class_list.include x=PluginModule
target_class_list.include x=MultiPlugin
target_class_list.include x=Celltype
target_class_list.include x=CFile
target_class_list.include x=Cell
target_class_list.include x=CompositePlugin
target_class_list.include x=Node
target_class_list.include x=CelltypePlugin
target_class_list.include x=CellPlugin
target_class_list.include x=ThroughPlugin
target_class_list.include x=SignaturePlugin
target_class_list.include x=DomainPlugin
target_class_list.include x=ClassPlugin
target_class_list.include x=SharedOpaqueRPCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRPHandlerPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRMPKernelObjectPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRMPDomainPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HasType
+ not target_class_list x=Kconv x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=Kconv x.class=Symbol
target_class_list.include x=Type
target_class_list.include x=Plugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2RPCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=ATK1KernelPlugin
+ not target_class_list x=OptionParser x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=OptionParser x.class=Symbol
target_class_list.include x=HRP2DataqueuePlugin
target_class_list.include x=GenTransparentMarshaler
target_class_list.include x=HRPRPCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRPSVCThroughPlugin
target_class_list.include x=FloatVal
target_class_list.include x=IntegerVal
target_class_list.include x=HRP2TaskPlugin
target_class_list.include x=C_EXP
target_class_list.include x=ParseError
target_class_list.include x=HRP2EventflagPlugin
target_class_list.include x=C2TECSBridgePlugin
target_class_list.include x=SelectiveJoinSignaturePlugin
target_class_list.include x=SelectiveJoinThroughPlugin
target_class_list.include x=GenAttMod
target_class_list.include x=FMPPlugin
target_class_list.include x=MrubyBridgeCelltypePluginModule
target_class_list.include x=MrubyInfoBridgeCellPlugin
target_class_list.include x=SelectiveJoinPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRPKernelObjectManager
target_class_list.include x=ATK1AlarmPlugin
target_class_list.include x=StringVal
target_class_list.include x=PointerVal
target_class_list.include x=CDefinedType
target_class_list.include x=TOOL_INFO
target_class_list.include x=HRMPPlugin
target_class_list.include x=Token
target_class_list.include x=Include
target_class_list.include x=BaseVal
target_class_list.include x=HRP2AlarmHandlerPlugin
target_class_list.include x=TECSIO
target_class_list.include x=MemFile
+ not target_class_list x=XML_INDENT x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=XML_INDENT x.class=Symbol
target_class_list.include x=OpaqueRPCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRMPJoinManager
target_class_list.include x=BoolVal
target_class_list.include x=ATK1TaskPlugin
target_class_list.include x=GenDefSvc
target_class_list.include x=SharedRPCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2FixedSizeMemoryPoolPlugin
target_class_list.include x=TracePlugin
target_class_list.include x=FMPHandlerPlugin
target_class_list.include x=RepeatCellPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRMPClassPlugin
target_class_list.include x=RPCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=Mruby2CBridgePlugin
+ not target_class_list x=NotifierPluginArgProc x.class=Symbol
 - not exclude_class_list x=NotifierPluginArgProc x.class=Symbol
 * defined_exclude_const_list x=NotifierPluginArgProc x.class=Symbol
target_class_list.include x=NotifierPlugin
target_class_list.include x=CelltypePluginModule
target_class_list.include x=DomainType
target_class_list.include x=TECSInfoCompoPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2PostHook
+ not target_class_list x=OptParse x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=OptParse x.class=Symbol
target_class_list.include x=ATK1EventPlugin
+ not target_class_list x=NKF x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=NKF x.class=Symbol
+ not target_class_list x=Racc x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=Racc x.class=Symbol
target_class_list.include x=TECSInfo
target_class_list.include x=MrubyInfoBridgeSignaturePlugin
target_class_list.include x=ClassType
target_class_list.include x=SVCManage
target_class_list.include x=HRP2SVCPlugin
target_class_list.include x=MrubyInfoBridgePlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2PriorityDataqueuePlugin
target_class_list.include x=TECS_LANG
target_class_list.include x=HRP2ObjectPlugin
target_class_list.include x=RepeatJoinPlugin
target_class_list.include x=Generator
target_class_list.include x=Signature
target_class_list.include x=CompositeCelltype
target_class_list.include x=Namespace
target_class_list.include x=ATK1DelayTaskPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2HandlerPlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2SemaphorePlugin
target_class_list.include x=HRP2Plugin
target_class_list.include x=TECS2CBridgePlugin
target_class_list.include x=ATK1ISRPlugin
target_class_list.include x=FMPObjectPlugin
target_class_list.include x=C_parser
target_class_list.include x=Importable
target_class_list.include x=ATK1ResourcePlugin
target_class_list.include x=TECSMsg
target_class_list.include x=HRPSVCSignaturePlugin
target_class_list.include x=Console
target_class_list.include x=HRPTaskPlugin
target_class_list.include x=TECSInfoPlugin
target_class_list.include x=VoidType
target_class_list.include x=DefinedType
target_class_list.include x=BoolType
target_class_list.include x=IntType
target_class_list.include x=FloatType
target_class_list.include x=StructType
target_class_list.include x=EnumType
target_class_list.include x=Decl
target_class_list.include x=ParamList
+ not target_class_list x=RUBYGEMS_ACTIVATION_MONITOR x.class=Symbol
 / defined_exclude_class_list x=RUBYGEMS_ACTIVATION_MONITOR x.class=Symbol
"@defined_class_list="
161
  Typedef
  Port
  ParamDecl
  CBoolType
  DescriptorType
  NamedList
  PtrType
  Factory
  Join
  ReverseJoin
  Import
  Region
  FuncHead
  FuncType
  NamespacePath
  Generate
  CFloatType
  HRP2CyclicHandlerPlugin
  ArrayType
  CArrayType
  CFuncType
  Import_C
  CVoidType
  CStructType
  BDNode
  CPtrType
  CIntType
  NSBDNode
  HRP2KernelObjectPlugin
  HRPObjectPlugin
  HRPKernelObjectPlugin
  AppFile
  CEnumType
  MrubyBridgePlugin
  MrubyBridgeSignaturePlugin
  MrubyBridgeSignaturePluginModule
  HRPPlugin
  MrubyBridgeCellPlugin
  CType
  MrubyBridgeCompositePlugin
  HRPSVCBodyCellPlugin
  MrubyBridgeCelltypePlugin
  Expression
  HRPSVCManage
  CompositeCelltypeJoin
  OpaqueMarshalerPlugin
  GenOpaqueMarshaler
  GenParamCopy
  TECSGEN
  CDLString
  CDLInitializer
  PluginModule
  MultiPlugin
  Celltype
  CFile
  Cell
  CompositePlugin
  Node
  CelltypePlugin
  CellPlugin
  ThroughPlugin
  SignaturePlugin
  DomainPlugin
  ClassPlugin
  SharedOpaqueRPCPlugin
  HRPHandlerPlugin
  HRMPKernelObjectPlugin
  HRMPDomainPlugin
  HasType
  Type
  Plugin
  HRP2RPCPlugin
  ATK1KernelPlugin
  HRP2DataqueuePlugin
  GenTransparentMarshaler
  HRPRPCPlugin
  HRPSVCThroughPlugin
  FloatVal
  IntegerVal
  HRP2TaskPlugin
  C_EXP
  ParseError
  HRP2EventflagPlugin
  C2TECSBridgePlugin
  SelectiveJoinSignaturePlugin
  SelectiveJoinThroughPlugin
  GenAttMod
  FMPPlugin
  MrubyBridgeCelltypePluginModule
  MrubyInfoBridgeCellPlugin
  SelectiveJoinPlugin
  HRPKernelObjectManager
  ATK1AlarmPlugin
  StringVal
  PointerVal
  CDefinedType
  TOOL_INFO
  HRMPPlugin
  Token
  Include
  BaseVal
  HRP2AlarmHandlerPlugin
  TECSIO
  MemFile
  OpaqueRPCPlugin
  HRMPJoinManager
  BoolVal
  ATK1TaskPlugin
  GenDefSvc
  SharedRPCPlugin
  HRP2FixedSizeMemoryPoolPlugin
  TracePlugin
  FMPHandlerPlugin
  RepeatCellPlugin
  HRMPClassPlugin
  RPCPlugin
  Mruby2CBridgePlugin
  NotifierPlugin
  CelltypePluginModule
  DomainType
  TECSInfoCompoPlugin
  HRP2PostHook
  ATK1EventPlugin
  TECSInfo
  MrubyInfoBridgeSignaturePlugin
  ClassType
  SVCManage
  HRP2SVCPlugin
  MrubyInfoBridgePlugin
  HRP2PriorityDataqueuePlugin
  TECS_LANG
  HRP2ObjectPlugin
  RepeatJoinPlugin
  Generator
  Signature
  CompositeCelltype
  Namespace
  ATK1DelayTaskPlugin
  HRP2HandlerPlugin
  HRP2SemaphorePlugin
  HRP2Plugin
  TECS2CBridgePlugin
  ATK1ISRPlugin
  FMPObjectPlugin
  C_parser
  Importable
  ATK1ResourcePlugin
  TECSMsg
  HRPSVCSignaturePlugin
  Console
  HRPTaskPlugin
  TECSInfoPlugin
  VoidType
  DefinedType
  BoolType
  IntType
  FloatType
  StructType
  EnumType
  Decl
  ParamList
"@defined_exclude_class_list ="
7
  Kconv
  OptionParser
  XML_INDENT
  OptParse
  NKF
  Racc
  RUBYGEMS_ACTIVATION_MONITOR
"@defined_exclude_const_list="
1
  NotifierPluginArgProc
"@defined_unknown_list="
0
"@defined_not_respond_to_list="
0

"@target_class_list="
162
  ATK1AlarmPlugin
  ATK1DelayTaskPlugin
  ATK1EventPlugin
  ATK1ISRPlugin
  ATK1KernelPlugin
  ATK1ResourcePlugin
  ATK1TaskPlugin
  AppFile
  ArrayType
  BDNode
  BaseVal
  BoolType
  BoolVal
  C2TECSBridgePlugin
  CArrayType
  CBoolType
  CDLInitializer
  CDLString
  CDefinedType
  CEnumType
  CFile
  CFloatType
  CFuncType
  CIntType
  CPtrType
  CStructType
  CType
  CVoidType
  C_EXP
  C_parser
  Cell
  CellPlugin
  Celltype
  CelltypePlugin
  CelltypePluginModule
  ClassPlugin
  ClassType
  CompositeCelltype
  CompositeCelltypeJoin
  CompositePlugin
  Console
  Decl
  DefinedType
  DescriptorType
  DomainPlugin
  DomainType
  EnumType
  Expression
  FMPHandlerPlugin
  FMPObjectPlugin
  FMPPlugin
  Factory
  FloatType
  FloatVal
  FuncHead
  FuncType
  GenAttMod
  GenDefSvc
  GenOpaqueMarshaler
  GenParamCopy
  GenTransparentMarshaler
  Generate
  Generator
  HRMPClassPlugin
  HRMPDomainPlugin
  HRMPJoinManager
  HRMPKernelObjectPlugin
  HRMPPlugin
  HRP2AlarmHandlerPlugin
  HRP2CyclicHandlerPlugin
  HRP2DataqueuePlugin
  HRP2EventflagPlugin
  HRP2FixedSizeMemoryPoolPlugin
  HRP2HandlerPlugin
  HRP2KernelObjectPlugin
  HRP2ObjectPlugin
  HRP2Plugin
  HRP2PostHook
  HRP2PriorityDataqueuePlugin
  HRP2RPCPlugin
  HRP2SVCPlugin
  HRP2SemaphorePlugin
  HRP2TaskPlugin
  HRPHandlerPlugin
  HRPKernelObjectManager
  HRPKernelObjectPlugin
  HRPObjectPlugin
  HRPPlugin
  HRPRPCPlugin
  HRPSVCBodyCellPlugin
  HRPSVCManage
  HRPSVCSignaturePlugin
  HRPSVCThroughPlugin
  HRPTaskPlugin
  HasType
  Import
  Import_C
  Importable
  Include
  IntType
  IntegerVal
  Join
  MemFile
  Mruby2CBridgePlugin
  MrubyBridgeCellPlugin
  MrubyBridgeCelltypePlugin
  MrubyBridgeCelltypePluginModule
  MrubyBridgeCompositePlugin
  MrubyBridgePlugin
  MrubyBridgeSignaturePlugin
  MrubyBridgeSignaturePluginModule
  MrubyInfoBridgeCellPlugin
  MrubyInfoBridgePlugin
  MrubyInfoBridgeSignaturePlugin
  MultiPlugin
  NSBDNode
  NamedList
  Namespace
  NamespacePath
  Node
  NotifierPlugin
  OpaqueMarshalerPlugin
  OpaqueRPCPlugin
  ParamDecl
  ParamList
  ParseError
  Plugin
  PluginModule
  PointerVal
  Port
  PrettyPrint
  PtrType
  RPCPlugin
  Region
  RepeatCellPlugin
  RepeatJoinPlugin
  ReverseJoin
  SVCManage
  SelectiveJoinPlugin
  SelectiveJoinSignaturePlugin
  SelectiveJoinThroughPlugin
  SharedOpaqueRPCPlugin
  SharedRPCPlugin
  Signature
  SignaturePlugin
  StringVal
  StructType
  TECS2CBridgePlugin
  TECSGEN
  TECSIO
  TECSInfo
  TECSInfoCompoPlugin
  TECSInfoPlugin
  TECSMsg
  TECS_LANG
  TOOL_INFO
  ThroughPlugin
  Token
  TracePlugin
  Type
  Typedef
  VoidType
"@exclude_class_list="
20
  OptionParser
  NKF
  PP
  Racc
  Kconv
  RUBYGEMS_ACTIVATION_MONITOR
  PrettyPrint
  Integer
  Hash
  {}
  OptionParser
  Racc
  Array
  FalseClass
  TrueClass
  String
  Symbol
  XML_INDENT
  RPCPluginArgProc
  OptParse
"@exclude_const_list="
4
  XML_INDENT
  RUBYGEMS_ACTIVATION_MONITOR
  Include
  NotifierPluginArgProc
